You're right. I'll ensure all the questions remain intact and are formatted properly without altering their content.

---

1. WAP to find sum, division, and product of two different integers.
2. Find the area of a rectangle.
3. WAP to check whether a given string is a keyword or not.
4. WAP to check the first letter of a string is a vowel or not.
5. WAP to reverse the string if it is a palindrome; if not, then print its length.
6. Consider a tuple of length 2 and check whether it is homogeneous or not.
7. WAP to check whether the given integer is a multiple of 9 or 6.

#28-01-24

8. WAP to check whether the given character is a vowel or consonant. If the given character is a vowel, store it inside the list; else display the ASCII character value.
9. WAP to find out the greatest of three numbers by using `elif`.
10. WAP to check whether the given character is an alphabet. Print the same character 5 times if it is an alphabet. Find out the ASCII value if it is a special character, add +5, and convert it back into a normal ASCII character. If the character is an ASCII number, then print the character division by 5. Print the output.
11. WAP to check whether the given character is uppercase and print it by converting it into lowercase (without using functions).
12. WAP to check whether the given character is an ASCII number and print its ASCII value.
13. WAP to check whether the given character is uppercase, then print lowercase. If the given character is lowercase, print uppercase. If the given character is a special character, find its ASCII value, add 8, and convert it back into a normal ASCII character.
14. WAP to check whether the last character of the string is a special character or not.
15. WAP to check whether the middle value of a heterogeneous tuple collection is an integer or not.
16. WAP to check whether the given number is a single-digit, double-digit, triple-digit, or more than that. Then print how many digits are there.
17. WAP to check which individual data type the given data belongs to.
